annot: peel the potatoes
ACTID: 0
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (-1)
annot: cut them
ACTID: 1
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] them (0)
annot: Put the potatoes in a pot
ACTID: 2
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: cover them with cold water
ACTID: 3
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] them (2)
[PP, food, with] cold water (-1)
annot: Add some salt
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: bring the water to boil
ACTID: 5
PRED: bring
[DOBJ, food] the water (4)
[PP, other, to] boil (-1)
annot: Boil for 10 to 12 mins
ACTID: 6
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, other, for] 10 to 12 mins (-1)
annot: Chop 3 to 4 cloves of garlic
ACTID: 7
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] 3 to 4 cloves of garlic (-1)
annot: Drain the potatoes
ACTID: 8
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (6)
annot: return them to the pot
ACTID: 9
PRED: return
[DOBJ, food] them (8)
[PP, food, to] the pot (-1)
annot: Allow the potatoes to dry on the stove for a minute
ACTID: 10
PRED: allow
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (9)
annot: Quickly add water, grated parmesan cheese, chopped chives, cream cheese and minced garlic
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1), grated parmesan cheese (-1), chopped chives (-1), cream cheese (-1), minced garlic (7)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: mash the potatoes using potato masher until the mixture is smooth
ACTID: 12
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (11)
[PP, other, using] potato masher (-1)
annot: season with salt and pepper to taste and mash
ACTID: 13
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: garnish with pepper and chives
ACTID: 14
PRED: garnish
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, food, with] pepper (-1), chives (-1)